Fix gamma argument order in negative binomial (#2024)
scverse/scvi-tools: docs/release_notes/index.md

-   Fix creation of minified adata by copying original uns dict {pr}`2000`. This issue arises with anndata>=0.9.0.
-   Fix {class}`scvi.model.TOTALVI` {class}`scvi.model.MULTIVI` handling of missing protein values {pr}`2009`.

> -   Fix bug in {class}`scvi.distributions.NegativeBinomial` where `theta` and `mu` arguments were switched around {pr}`2024`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fix bug in {meth}`scvi.distributions.NegativeBinomialMixture.sample` where `theta` and `mu` arguments were switched around {pr}`2024`.
```
